Hi, guys.
Walker, in this lecture, you're going to create an hour button, so you're going to be able to go
back.
Okay.
Now, to do this, I'm going to go to the detail page.
Then they're going to use Control and they select this white.
Okay.
Now, in the last lecture we have.
Is that right?
We have this stuck.
The reason for this talk is because we want to be able to place a widget atop this image.
Now what is stuck?
We have the first chart, which is a container, which is simply this image.
Right.
So now you're going to be able to place another widget on top of this image.
First of all, over here.
Rather than need to hide it through the cover, I'll try to save enough to give this a very cool format.
Okay.
Now, over this container as well, they're going to give it to the cameras up.
Then they're going to have the position that all the mess we get is going to be placed.
Okay.
Now for the tide, it's going to be a container because it'll give some cool background star to the
horror icon.
Okay, then we can then have a child.
It's going to be icon.
Icon, which it then is going to be icons.
That rule.
On this score back.
I always.
Okay.
Now use culture and this to save.
And go check it out.
Okay.
We really can say this.
First of all, I'm going to change the color to colors that's black.
Okay.
And well, they're going to say let's.
15 and top.
Christine.
Okay.
And go check it out.
You can sit over here.
We are just going to take this.
This 20.
Okay, I think.
So you can see that the Berkeley.
Well, we're going to use that.
Like it does.
You just have to do till you're satisfied.
Okay.
Then I think 25 should be okay.
Now we can then hide some background seeds.
That was the reason for the call to the right.
Okay.
So we can have a decoration box decoration.
Works as decoration.
And color is the colors that white.
Okay.
Now we can see a ship here.
No, what this does is the box ship.
The ship.
So looks ship.
The sickle.
Okay.
And now we can give you part into this.
But in the hedge, it says as it says.
So it's all sides or it's.
Okay.
I think this is way too vague.
There's going to see five and see.
Okay.
I think this is way too white.
So you can see Todd.
Sweet opacity.
Of maybe zero.
That's.
605.
Jenna Coleman as well.
Okay.
Great.
It is going to go.
It's.
Let's try to.
And see what it does.
Okay.
We're just going to go with five.
I think five is okay.
Those are transparent is going to be.
Okay.
Great.
Right.
Okay.
Now, what you're going to do next is because rob this container or we can rob this icon.
Right.
We can wrap it to the boxes that you contact the cable.
Why doesn't the wrap this container?
So even if we click on this.
Site.
It's going to take us to sticker to trigger the button.
Right.
Okay.
So you can just grab this container light.
In cultural and arts groups.
This was a tattoo we did away rap, which we get the regular updates with an equal S.O.S. Equal, which
acts.
Okay.
Then on tap you can see society on tap property.
That is going to be none of the gate or that's.
That, of course, is that we're just going to say dots.
But by doing this is going to take us back to the previous page.
Okay.
Now use controls to save.
And now I can click on this.
Okay.
You can see.
Just on this, you don't really need to click on the how.
Well, that's okay.
Click on this.
Okay.
Work on this.
Okay, great.
Right.
Okay.
Okay, guys.
See you in in this picture.